Add a contribution guide (#1222)
automl/auto-sklearn: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to auto-sklearn
Thanks for checking out the contribution guide! 
We included a quick overview at the start for anyone familiar with open-source contribution or autosklearn and simply wants to see our workflow.

If you're new to contributing then hopefully this guide helps with contributing to open-source and auto-sklearn, whether it be a simple doc fix, a small bug fix or even new features that everyone can get use out of.
Even if you're new to open-source or even new to Python but you want to get your hands dirty, we'll try to be as helpful as possible.
If you're looking for a particular project to work on, check out the [Issues](https://github.com/automl/auto-sklearn/issues) for things you might be interested in!

For new contributors, you can skip the overview and find the more detailed walkthrough [here](#contributing)!

This guide is only aimed towards Unix command line users as that's what we know but the same principles apply.

> # Pull Request Overview

Author: Moved to the bottom and included links in the first section... twice

    ```bash
    git clone git@github.com:automl/auto-sklearn.git
    cd auto-sklearn
    git checkout -b my_new_branch development
    
    python -m venv my-virtual-env
    source my-virtual-env/bin/activate
    
    pip install -e .[test,docs,examples] # zsh users need quotes ".[test,...]"
    
    # Edit files...
    
    # If you changed documentation:
    # This will generate all documentation, run examples and check links
    cd doc
    make linkcheck
    
    # ... fix any issues
    
    # If you edited any code
    # Check out pytest --help if you want to only run specific tests
    pytest
    
    # ... fix any issues
    
    # Use pre-commit for style and typing checks
    pip install pre-commit
    pre-commit run --all-files
    
    # ... fix any issues
    
    # Add the changes
    git add {changed files}
    git commit -m "Meaningful as you can make it message"
    
    # Push back to your fork
    git push --set-upstream origin my_new_branch
    ```
* Go to github, go to our own fork and then make a pull request using the *Contribute*
icon.
    * `automl/auto-sklearn` | `development` <- `your-username/auto-sklearn` | `my_new_branch`

> * Write a description of the changes, why you implemented them and any implications.

Author: Seems like it has some useful and more descriptive info!

    The reason we don't want to directly merge new PR's into master is to make
    sure we always have a stable version. With a development branch, we can safely
    accumulate certain changes and makes sure they all work together before creating
    a new master version.

*   Now you've got to describe what you've changed.
    Some key things to include here are:
    *   A high level overview of what you've done such as fixing a problem or
        introducing a new feature.
        If it's a simple doc fix, don't worry too much about this.
    *   Have you introduced any breaking changes to the API?
        We may not realise it while reviewing the changes but if you are aware,
        it definitely helps to tell us!
    *   Do you think this might have any implications in the future or how would
        further work on this look like?
    *   If you've introduced some new feature, write about who might use it,
        give a breif code sample to show it and let us know how you tested it!
    *   If you've fixed a bug, write about why this bug exists in the first place,
        how you solved it and how a test makes sure it won't pop up again!

> *   Once you've submitted a PR, we'll probably enable some automatic tests to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Once you've submitted a PR, github will automatically schedule the unittests to run.
```

    This will make sure all the tests run smoothly, make sure the documentation builds correctly and do some quick check on code quality.
    You'll be able to see these run in the **Checks** tab or at the bottom of the PR.
    If you see a red x, that means somethings probably gone wrong which should have been caught by running the tests locally but we also do some checks in environments you were not developing on.
    Sometimes it is the case that there is a bug unrelated to your changes that cause the tests to fail but we are aware of these.
    If you see one of these failures, feel free to ask!

*   Meanwhile, we'll also review your code.

>     In the top right you'll see a little **Suggested Reviewers** button so feel free to request a review with that!

Reviewer: I don't think anyone outside of our organization can see that button. You can check with any other repo.

    Some common review points are:
    * This seems odd, why was this done?
    * Could you see if you can use the functionality from place X?
    * Could you creat a test or documentation for this?
    * This could be a nicer way of doing this, what do you think?
    Occasionally there will be some major point which will require more discussion but those are more on a case-by-case basis.

*   This process of review, fix and testing may go on a few times.

>     The simplest way to reduce the time needed and to help us too is to run the tests, code formatting check and doc building locall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The simplest way to reduce the time needed and to help us too is to run the tests, code formatting check and doc building locally.
```

    If they all pass locally they will very often have no issues in the automated tests.

    Once everyone is happy, it's time for us to hit (*squash*) merge, get it into the development branch and have one more contribution to autosklearn!

## Kinds of PRs
Of course we can't cover every use case but here's some common kinds of PR's along with some pointers!

#### Documentation
Anything to contribute to better documentation is always appreciated
#### Bug Fixes
* TODO
#### Features
* TODO

# General FAQ

### I've finished my pull request or made new changes and want it reviewed, now what?

> * In the Pull request on the right there should be a tab **Reviewers** with some suggested

Reviewer: See above :(

reviewers, feel free to request once you think your contribution is ready.

### I've been asked to rebase my pull request, why and what do I do?
* It can often be the case that while you were working on some changes, we may have merged something new into the development branch.

> This is a problem because the branch you created was based off the old development branch in and so there are no changes in the automl/auto-sklearn code base you don't have in your branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be a problem because the branch you created was based off the old development branch in and so there are new changes in the automl/auto-sklearn code base you don't have in your branch.
```

Whether it's a typo fix, something you didn't find clear or something you think we didn't explain properly, we'd love to improve it!

All of our documentation is done with (`sphinx`)[https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/] with some various
plugins that you can see in (`doc/conf.py`)[https://github.com/automl/auto-sklearn/blob/master/doc/conf.py#L42].

All of your changes can be viewed by first [building the docs](#testing) and then opening `doc/build/html/index.html` with your favourite browser.
Alternatively, you can use the command `xdg-open doc/build/hmtl/index.html` which opens it up with your default browser.

*   If your simply fixing a typo, there shouldn't be much to do accept make the PR and we'll accept it without much issue.
*   If you want to fix a link you should know how linking with `sphinx` works
    *   For links to internal documentation, you can create a label with
    ```.rst
    .. _mylabel:
    ```
    *   Later on you can reference this label by
    ```.rst
    I am reference to :ref:`the above label<mylabel>`
    ```
    *   Now if you want to link some external documentation you'll need
        to do something like
    ```.rst

>     Here's a `link<https://sublime-and-sphinx-guide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/references.html>` to the external documentation on linking for sphinx

Reviewer: Shouldn't there be an underscore in the external link somewhere?

    ```
    
*   If you want to make some more detailed documentation about some feature that you introduced or you think is not well documented, you'll have to think about a few things.
    
    *   Can you include a code snippet to illustrate what you mean?
    *   Are there other relevant parts of the documentation or code that should be linked to?
    *   How much other parts of auto-sklearn are you relying on readers to know before hand, maybe link to those sections if you do.

*   If you want to contribute an example, it's a great way to really illustrate an entire flow of some feature.

>     `sphinx-gallery` will run any python file `examle_*.py` in one of the example folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `sphinx-gallery` will run any python file `example_*.py` in one of the example folders.
```

    *   How much other parts of auto-sklearn are you relying on readers to know before hand, maybe link to those sections if you do.

*   If you want to contribute an example, it's a great way to really illustrate an entire flow of some feature.
    `sphinx-gallery` will run any python file `example_*.py` in one of the example folders.
    This allows you to have both ReStructured Markdown (rst) and python code with it's output into a [single html page](https://automl.github.io/auto-sklearn/master/examples/40_advanced/example_calc_multiple_metrics.html#sphx-glr-examples-40-advanced-example-calc-multiple-metrics-py)!
    You'll want to check out some of the [other examples](https://github.com/automl/auto-sklearn/tree/master/examples) to see how to embed rst into a `.py` file.

#### Bug Fixes
Auto-sklearn has been through quite a few iterations, been used for many purposes and is constantly used in ways we didn't even think of.
Like any maturing software, there will be bugs, old and new.

> While we try to create unit tests to catch as many of these as we can, some slip through and new bugs get introduced as dependencies update and new features introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we try to create unit tests to catch as many of these as we can, some slip through and new bugs get introduced as dependencies update and new features are introduced.
```

    *   If you're unfamiliar with sphinx, it's a documentation generator which can read comments and docstrings from within the code and generate html documentation.
    *   We also use sphinx-gallery which can take python files (such as those in the `examples` folder) and run them, creating html which shows the code and the output it generates.
        Unfortunately this can take quite some time but you should only have to run this once.
    *   If you need to quickly check something, you can run `make html-noexamples` to prevent sphinx from running the examples.
    ```bash
    cd doc
    make html-noexamples
    ```
    *   Sphinx also has a command `linkcheck` for making sure all the links correctly go to some destination.
        This helps tests for dead links or accidental typos.
    ```bash
    cd doc
    make linkcheck
    ```

>     *   To view the documentation itself, 

Reviewer: This appears to be an unfinished half-sentence.

    # This will push my_new_branch to your fork located at `origin`
    git push --set-upstream origin my_new_branch
    ```

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
